The internet is bullshit about the numbers of these toasters
are actually minutes
this is completely, altogether untrue, and I will now prove it. All these toasters are
set to the second degree
This is a cheap toaster, preferred by students everywhere
It's not such a cheap toaster, preferred by people who just graduated from university
and they thought, "I do not have to buy the cheapest toaster."
And here's a little more expensive toaster, for people think that "it's being removed
crumb tray "is a nice thing
We also have an office toaster that I tapped from the neighboring office
all of them are set to "2" and I guarantee that none of them will pop after just two minutes
Why? Because the toasters do not have time chips. They are too cheap.
What they have is a double metal plate. Two metal pieces, put back in the back, which are heated
and expand at a different speed so that the plate slightly distorts. What we change by rotating the knob
is how much the plate is distorted before turning on the device that makes the slices pop out
Here we are not even close to 2 minutes. and at a different time in comparison
with the other toasters
Thinking that "2" means minutes is a bullshit. And here's another thing: it's not even
logically. Because even 2 minutes, how would that help you?
Still, you need to experiment with samples and mistakes to find out just how many minutes
they need this kind of bread, and it certainly takes a lot more than
we have them released now
The office toaster? The one that is intended for businesses
made to bake slices fast? No, there is no such thing. What we have here is
four different toasters all set to "2" but none of them are popping up
the second minute
Someone on the Internet is wrong and you can now fix it
Does anyone want a slicer?
(This is not very baked)
It's not even baked
(it's terrible)
What I'm glad about is that we're still shooting, and this toaster has not popped up yet.
This is so different are the numbers of the toasters
Now we are literally waiting for this toaster to pop out - Here!
(Tom?)
Yes?
(I think it was 2 minutes)
What, exactly?
HA, well, maybe the expensive toaster has some kind of time chip.
Translation: Antoany